README.md, before:

# Chromerce

Chromerce is a simple e-commerce website developed using LAMP stack.

The website is currently live [here](https://chromerce.great-site.net/).

# Installation

In order to run the website you will need an Apache server. You can download XAMPP, PHP development environment [here](https://www.apachefriends.org/).

Place the cloned chromerce directory inside **htdocs** directory of XAMPP. You can locate the XAMPP directory by selecting the explorer from the XAMPP control panel.

Start the Apache and MySQL modules from the XAMPP control panel and type `localhost/chromerce/index.php` in your browser.

# Features

- Minimalistic design
- Responsive CSS design using flexbox and gird
- Authentication system connected to the MySQL database 
- Dynamic map implemented using JavaScript leaflet library
- Dynamic product page connected to the MySQL database
- Dynamic product review system connected to MySQL database
- Dynamic userprofile with wishlist and order history

## References

[LAMP Stack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP_(software_bundle))

[XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/)

Commit message:

Added license to README.md

README.md, after:

# Chromerce

Chromerce is a simple e-commerce website developed using LAMP stack.

The website is currently live [here](https://chromerce.great-site.net/).

# Installation

In order to run the website you will need an Apache server. You can download XAMPP, PHP development environment [here](https://www.apachefriends.org/).

Place the cloned chromerce directory inside **htdocs** directory of XAMPP. You can locate the XAMPP directory by selecting the explorer from the XAMPP control panel.

Start the Apache and MySQL modules from the XAMPP control panel and type `localhost/chromerce/index.php` in your browser.

# Features

- Minimalistic design
- Responsive CSS design using flexbox and gird
- Authentication system connected to the MySQL database
- Dynamic map implemented using JavaScript leaflet library
- Dynamic product page connected to the MySQL database
- Dynamic product review system connected to MySQL database
- Dynamic userprofile with wishlist and order history

## References

[LAMP Stack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP_(software_bundle))

[XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/)

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/rmanaem/chromerce/blob/master/LICENSE).
